Release `v4.0.0-alpha.3` (#1409)
paritytech/ink: CHANGELOG.md

### Removed
- Remove `wee-alloc` ‒ [#1403](https://github.com/paritytech/ink/pull/1403)

## Version 4.0.0-alpha.2

> **This version was skipped due to a human error in the release process**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**This version was skipped due to an error during the release process**

As part of this series of `alpha`s we are looking for ways to streamline our release process,
so small errors like this are learning experiences for us.
```
